Commit policy small modification (#653)
gluster/glusterdocs: docs/Developer-guide/Development-Workflow.md

-   Description of the code changes
-   Reason for doing it this way (compared to others)
-   Description of test cases

> -   A reference ID (optional if you run `./rfc.sh` after the commit to **Submit for review**)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A reference ID / Github Issue number (is optional if you **Submit the patch for review** using `./rfc,sh` script as the same will be taken care of by the script)
```
